getting-started/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Overview
---




# Getting Started

## Download Tools

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0eyikclFuLs" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Open Examples: Line Follower

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nBtN9VkGE2o" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Modelio

### Modelio configure and model

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7ObasdHGOVI" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Export connections

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aGQlBi2HVWA" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Co-Simulation Line Follower

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zNjLaUuy5Ys" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Overture FMU Export for the Line Follower

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lJHfkrcQbtY" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Commit message:

Minor addition to test workflow of adding material to the site.
	modified:   index.md

getting-started/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Overview
---



# Getting Started

This video tutorial introduces the INTO-CPS tool chain by way of a typical workflow in putting together a co-simulation from existing models.

## Download Tools

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0eyikclFuLs" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Open Examples: Line Follower

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nBtN9VkGE2o" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Modelio

### Modelio configure and model

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7ObasdHGOVI" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Export connections

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aGQlBi2HVWA" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Co-Simulation Line Follower

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zNjLaUuy5Ys" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Overture FMU Export for the Line Follower

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lJHfkrcQbtY" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
